hemi/README.md, before:

Hemi
====

  Hemi is the engine of Gorox.

Architecture
============

The logical architecture of Hemi Engine looks like this:

```
+--------------------------------------------+     ^    shutdown
|                cronjob(*)                  |     |       |
+--------+---+--------------+----------------+     |       |
|        |   |      rpc     |      web       |     |       |
|        | s |     server   |     server     |     |       |
| mesher | e | [gate][conn] |  [gate][conn]  |     |       |
| filter | r +--------------+----------------+     |       |
| editor | v |              | app(*) reviser |     |       |
|  case  | e |   svc(*)     | socklet handlet|     |       |
|        | r |          +---+--+ rule +------+     |       |
|        |(*)|          |stater|      |cacher|     |       |
+--------+---+----------+------+------+------+     |       |
|           [node] [conn] backend            |     |       |
+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+------------+     |       |
| o | u | t | g | a | t | e | s |   uniture  |     |       |
+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+------------+     |       |
|   clock   |     fcache    |    resolver    |     |       |
+-----------+---------------+----------------+  prepare    v

```

Commit message:

add a link to hemi examples

hemi/README.md, after:

Hemi
====

Hemi is the engine of Gorox.

Architecture
============

The logical architecture of Hemi Engine looks like this:

```
+--------------------------------------------+     ^    shutdown
|                cronjob(*)                  |     |       |
+--------+---+--------------+----------------+     |       |
|        |   |      rpc     |      web       |     |       |
|        | s |     server   |     server     |     |       |
| mesher | e | [gate][conn] |  [gate][conn]  |     |       |
| filter | r +--------------+----------------+     |       |
| editor | v |              | app(*) reviser |     |       |
|  case  | e |   svc(*)     | socklet handlet|     |       |
|        | r |          +---+--+ rule +------+     |       |
|        |(*)|          |stater|      |cacher|     |       |
+--------+---+----------+------+------+------+     |       |
|           [node] [conn] backend            |     |       |
+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+------------+     |       |
| o | u | t | g | a | t | e | s |   uniture  |     |       |
+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+---+------------+     |       |
|   clock   |     fcache    |    resolver    |     |       |
+-----------+---------------+----------------+  prepare    v

```

Examples
========

For examples showing how to use Hemi, see: https://github.com/hexinfra/examples
